Add the 'Getting started with DateBox' article (#1004)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/DateBox/00 Getting Started with DateBox/25 Disable Specific Dates.md

To prevent users from setting specific dates, use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) option. It can be set to a function or an array of Date values. In this tutorial, we implement the function, and it disables weekend days and the US bank holidays.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#dateBoxContainer").dxDateBox({
            // ...
            disabledDates: function(args) {
                const dayOfWeek = args.date.getDay();
                const isWeekend = args.view === "month" && (dayOfWeek === 0 || dayOfWeek === 6); 
                return isWeekend || isHoliday(args.date);
            }
        });

        function isHoliday(date) {
            for (let holiday of holidays) {
                if (date.getDate() === holiday.getDate() && date.getMonth() === holiday.getMonth()) {
                    return true;
                }          
            }
            return false;
        }
    });

> 
>     <!-- tab: index.html -->
>     <!DOCTYPE html>
>     <html>
>         <head>
>             <script type="text/javascript" src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.5.1.min.js"></script>
>             <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/20.1.4/css/dx.common.css">
>             <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/20.1.4/css/dx.light.css">
>             <script type="text/javascript" src="https://cdn3.devexpress.com/jslib/20.1.4/js/dx.all.js"></script>
>             <script type="text/javascript" src="index.js"></script>
>         </head>
>         <body class="dx-viewport">
>             <div id="dateBox"></div>
>         </body>
>     </html>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-date-box ...
        [disabledDates]="getDisabledDates">
    </dx-date-box>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        // ...
        holidays: Date[];

>         constructor(service: AppService){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        constructor(service: AppService) {
```

            this.holidays = service.getHolidays();
            this.getDisabledDates = this.getDisabledDates.bind(this);
        }

> 
>         onValueChanged(e){
>             console.log(e.previousValue);
>             console.log(e.value);
>         }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

            return isWeekend || this.isHoliday(args.date);
        }

        isHoliday(date): boolean {
            for (let holiday of this.holidays) {
                if (date.getDate() === holiday.getDate() && date.getMonth() === holiday.getMonth()) {
                    return true;
                }          
            }
            return false;
        }
    }

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxDateBox ...
            :disabled-dates="getDisabledDates"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
    import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';

    import { DxDateBox } from 'devextreme-vue/date-box';

    export default {
        // ...
        methods: {
            getDisabledDates(args) {
                const dayOfWeek = args.date.getDay();
                const isWeekend = args.view === "month" && (dayOfWeek === 0 || dayOfWeek === 6 );
                return isWeekend || this.isHoliday(args.date);
            },
            isHoliday(date) {
                for (let holiday of holidays) {
                    if (date.getDate() === holiday.getDate() && date.getMonth() === holiday.getMonth()) {

>                     return true;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        return true;
```

> To prevent users from setting specific dates, use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) option. It can be set to a function or an array of Date values. In this tutorial, we implement a function that disables weekends and US bank holidays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent users from setting specific dates, use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) option. It can be set to a function or an array of Date values. In this tutorial, we implement a function that disables weekend days (Saturday and Sunday) and US bank holidays.
```

> To prevent users from setting specific dates, use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) option. It can be set to a function or an array of Date values. In this tutorial, we implement the function, and it disables weekend days and the US bank holidays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To prevent users from setting specific dates, use the [disabledDates](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDateBox/Configuration/#disabledDates) option. It can be set to a function or an array of Date values. In this tutorial, we implement a function that disables weekends and US bank holidays.
```

        new Date(0, 8, 7),
        new Date(0, 9, 5),
        new Date(0, 9, 12),
        new Date(0, 10, 11),
        new Date(0, 10, 26),
        new Date(0, 10, 27),
        new Date(0, 11, 24),
        new Date(0, 11, 25),
        new Date(0, 11, 31)
    ];

    class App extends React.Component {
        // ...

        constructor(props) {
            // ...
            this.getDisabledDates = this.getDisabledDates.bind(this);
        }

        getDisabledDates(args) {
            const dayOfWeek = args.date.getDay();
            const isWeekend = dayOfWeek === 0 || dayOfWeek === 6;
            return args.view === "month" && (isWeekend || this.isHoliday(args.date));
        }

        isHoliday(date) {
            for (let holiday of holidays) {
                if (date.getDate() === holiday.getDate() && date.getMonth() === holiday.getMonth()) {
                    return true;
                }          
            }
            return false;
        }

        render() {
            return (
                <DateBox ...
                    disabledDates={this.getDisabledDates}
                />
            );
        }
    }
    export default App;

---

> Run the code and ensure the disabled dates cannot be set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run the code and ensure that the disabled dates cannot be set.
```

> You have configured basic **DateBox** features. To take a more detailed look at this widget, explore the following resources:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You have now configured the basic **DateBox** features. For more details on this widget, explore the following resources:
```
